Adding support for optional rollback/uninstall when helm test fails (#472)
fluxcd/helm-operator: docs/helmrelease-guide/tests.md

When tests are enabled, [resource waiting](release-configuration.md#wait-for-resources-to-be-ready)
defaults to `true` since this is likely needed for test pre-conditions to be satisfied.

## Rollback release on test failure

> IgnoreFailures will cause a Helm release to be unistalled/rolled 

Reviewer: this description is inverted (likely due to renaming). also would be good to mention that test failures only affect the `Released` status condition when not ignored.

When tests are enabled, [resource waiting](release-configuration.md#wait-for-resources-to-be-ready)
defaults to `true` since this is likely needed for test pre-conditions to be satisfied.

> ## Uninstall/Rollback release on test failure
> 
> The `spec.test.ignoreFailures` allows the helm release to be left in a released state if the tests fail.
> Setting ignoreFailures to false will automatically uninstall/rollback the Helm Release if any of the tests fail.
> If the tests are ignored, the `Released` condition will be left as true and `Tested` will be false.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Uninstall or rollback release on test failure

The `spec.test.ignoreFailures` allows the `HelmRelease` to be left in a released state if the tests fail.
Setting `ignoreFailures` to `false` will automatically uninstall or rollback the `HelmRelease` if any of the tests fail.
If the tests are ignored, the `Released` condition will be left as `true` and `Tested` will be `false`.
```
